[rhythmic whistling]
♪ One, two
One, two, three, four ♪
♪ La, la, la, la
♪ La, la, la
♪ Na, na, na, na
Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ La, la, la, la
[chicken clucks]
[Cricket panting]
Whoa, slow down, son.
Can't slow down, Dad.
Not today.
Not on Remy's birthday!
They're here!
- [all] Happy birthday, Remy.
- [Gramma] Happy whatever.
Are you guys ready
to play some games?
Oh, yeah, "games."
Like potato peeler over here?
Drop and peel me 50.
Did enough of that in the war.
Get me when it's time to leave.
Want to find a gameto play together, Papa?
Sure thing, sweetie.
What game should we play first?
Ah, ah, ah, your grandmother
is still expecting
a call from you, birthday boy.
But that'll cut
into my Cricket time.
Don't worry, buddy. I need to
godrop off your present anyway.
Master Cricket,
have you broughta gift for Master Remy?
Of course. One best present
for one best friend.
[grunts]
Bouncy ball.
- Hmm. Very good.
- [toy squeaks]
I'll put it with the others.
Whoa!
[animal ululates]
Those are Remy's other gifts?
Yes, Master Remy always
receivesthe most lavish of gifts.
Vasquez, I found Remy
the biggest and bounciest ball
in all of Big City.
[whimpers]
Wowee-zowee!
Would you look
at all the presents.
Which one's yours, Cricket?
It's, uh, the good one?
Oh, Cricket, you old bean.
Hey, Remy.
You finally going to win
that big prize this year?
I wish.
Uh, what big prize?
You mean you never heard
of the coolest,
most bestest prizeat Snuggly Pete's?
Were you born
in a dumb-dumb hole?
They're talking about the top
prize at the prize booth.
Big Rex.
A 10,000-ticket prize.
But no kid has ever won
10,000 tickets.
I'm just here to have
a good time.
Even if he's got
the cutest little sunglasses
that he couldn't have possibly
put on himself.
- [both laughing]
- I mean, look at those arms.
Don't you worry, little Remy.
I will win those 10,000 tickets
to get you the birthday present
you deserve.
Why'd I let myself get dragged
into this madhouse?
- Please, can somebody help me?
- Huh?
My youngest, Bryan,
he hasn't come out
of the playtubes yet.
He must've gotten lost.
[echoing]
Lost, lost...
[soldier] Sammy never
made it back, Alice.
He's done for.
[Gramma]
I ain't leaving him in there.
We got a code, soldier!
Never leave a man behind.
I'll find your boy, Miss,
hopefully in one piece.
Please, hurry.
He's got an
orthodontistappointment in an hour.
Wow, what game
should we play first?
There's Skee-Ball,
air hockey, Snee-pordee.
What about this game, Papa?
This is adorable.
[gasps]
I was born just
so I could meet you.
Ha-ha, holy Whack-a-Moley.
Your old man is great
at this... game?
I found you.
[gasps]
Oh, you found me.
Hmm.
Ha-ha, this is so much more fun
than tangoing by myself
like I do at home.
- Ah!
- Yeah, yeah, fun game.
How many tickets did we get?
Cricket, Tango Tango
Double Luxe Ultra
is just a game for fun.
We don't get any tickets.
Huh? Well, forget this game.
What else do you wantto do, Remy?
How about the...
Kawaii photo booth?
Mm-hmm.
And how many ticketsdoes that one give?
None. Just wonderful
Kawaii memories.
Right.
- [bell ringing]
- Hmm.
Remy, what's a better memory
than cramming in as many
games as possible
before gift time?
Well... okay, let's do it.
Ah, it's like a jungle
in this jungle gym.
You seen a kid named Bryan?
B-B-Bryan?
Yeah. I saw Bryan
in No-Kid's-Land.
But you don't want to go there.
Someone ate too much pizza and,
you know.
I can't go back in there!
Don't make me go back in there!
At ease, soldier. Your tour is over.
Time to bring Bryan home.
[laughter and chattering]
Now what game will give us
the most tickets?
- Uh, I mean fun?
- Ooh, how about--
- Over here.
- Oh, okay!
[grunting]
- [bell rings]
- Oh, yes. Next game!
- [Remy laughing]
- [buzzer goes off]
- Next game!
- Oh, okay.
- [both panting]
- Next game!
Faster, Remy, faster.
I just need a second.
Wow, we're really blasting
through these games.
Ha! Yup, and we still got
a bunch more to get through,
so hurry up and throw
a Skee-Ball.
All right, this is the last
of Remy's gifts.
Ready to gather everyone up
for cake and presents?
I think it's time.
But I still need more tickets.
Huh? What'd you say, buddy?
I said, uh, why don't we
help that ball along a bit?
But doesn't cheating
take the fun out of it?
Oh, I'm having a blast.
Look at me: whoo-hoo!
- [boys laughing]
- [camera shutters clicking]
Oh, look at us.
I'll remember this day
for as long as we're friends.
- You mean forever?
- [both laugh]
Oh!
Peek-a-boo. Peek-a-boo.
- Uh...
- Peek-a-boo.
Sweetie, you're very cute,
but that's not the way you play
Holy Whack-a-Moley.
Let Papa show you how it's done.
Okay.
[grunting]
[whimpers]
This'll teach you
for ruining my garden.
Papa, what's gotten into you?
Nothing, I'm just
whacking the moles.
You see, moles are pests,
and pests deserve a
good bonkin'on the noggin.
Hyah!
Pow! Hyah!
[cackles]
Who are you?
[video game music playing]
[growling and mewling]
[grunts]
How many tickets did I get?
- Come on, come on.
- [panting]
- [groaning]
- [steam hissing]
All right, let's see
how you did.
One? That's it?
I'm not a fast mouse, Cricket.
Come on, Remy.
Hurry up, hurry up.
We can hit up a dozen more
gamesbefore you open presents and--
- [gasping and panting]
- Whoa.
Here, why don't you take
a little break on the pony.
And I'll just keep getting
tickets without you.
See you at present time, buddy.
Cricket! Don't go...
without me.
Where is that kid? Bryan?
Is that you?
What do you want from me?
Easy, boy.
I'm here to hel--
Aah!
Come with me, kid.
I'm going to get you
back to you mama.
You're going to take me back?
Well, I'm not going back!
[screams]
Outside, I'm just a regular kid.
But in the jungly gym, I'm king!
- What are you--?
- [cackling]
[screams]
Why are you like this?
[loud stomping]
[grunting]
- [buzzer goes off]
- Huh?
Hmm.
Baby, why'd you unplug
Papa's moles?
Moles are beautiful creatures
and deserve respect.
Sweetie, you do not want to get
between a farmer
and an invasive species.
Hey, Tilly,
got any spare tickets?
-I really need to--
-Not now, Cricket.
Papa and I are having
a discussion.
Like I said,
moles are the farmer's enemy.
So Papa's going to go back
to hitting the moles very hard.
Would you hit me
if I was a mole, Papa?
- Tickets?
- Well, if you were a mole,
you wouldn't be my daughter,
so, yes.
Every time they unplug the game
and plug it back in,
tickets come out.
[Rashida]
Attention, friends of Remy.
Please gather at the
gift table for birthday cake
and presents.
[Russell] That's a ten-hut
on the double, kids!
Oh, dang. Okay, I don't have
much time,
but I think I've got a plan.
Hmm. Oh, Tilly. Mr. Green.
Do you know where Cricket is?
I do not. I have been busy
saving moles
from a certain whack-a-maniac.
Oh. Where could Cricket be?
You can do this.
Just put on your mask, Jimmy.
They can't see your tears
behind the mask.
Ow. All right, just got to find
the main power switch and--
Ah.
Resetting all the games
will get me enough tickets
to get my best bud
the best present.
[laughter]
[all]
Huh?
Oh, boy.
A whole pizza just for Benny.
[stammers]
Whoa!
Curse my gluttony.
You're coming with me.
Never!
- Huh?
- Sorry, son.
I never leave a man behind.
[both scream and grunt]
Perfect. Now I just got to
hurryand collect my tickets.
-[panting]-All right, everyone, huddle up.
Let us singto my birthday boy.
And here we go.
[all]
♪ Happy birthday to you
[grunting and panting]
Hello, come to claim a...
prize?
Is this enough for the T. rex?
Hmm, let me count them
real quick.
One, two...
[straining]
Wow. Ten thousand exactly.
Here's your prize, kid.
Hang on, Remy.
Cricket's a'coming.
[all]
♪ Happy birthday to you
- [inhales deeply]
- [Cricket] And many more!
Whoa, slow down.
It's a wet floor!
Huh? Whoa!
Ah!
- [fire alarm rings]
- [all scream]
Uh, happy birthday?
[whimpers]
[inhales sharply]
Hey, you okay, buddy?
Listen, I know it got
all wet and smooshed,
but, I mean, cake is cake.
Plus, I got you that T. rex
you like.
Cricket,
I don't careabout the cake or the T. rex.
I get cool presents every year.
This was the first birthdayparty
I've been able to share
with a best friend.
All I wanted was to spend time
with you.
That means I really blew it
by ditching you
to go ticket-hunting
all day, huh?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
Well, there's still
some party time left.
Why don't we spend
the rest of the party
doing what you want to do?
You mean it?
Even the Kawaii photo booth?
Of course we're going to do
the Koala photo booth.
Wow, they really talked it out.
You know, we could learn
from that.
How about we playa different game,
like air hockey?
Good thinking, Papa.
Pucks deserve to be hit.
[both screaming]
- No!
- Yes!
Thank you so much, intense old lady,
for getting my boy.
It was an honor, ma'am.
Now let's get youto the orthodontist,
Bryan.
[Bryan growls]
Well, back to hating kids.
[whistles]
- [Remy] Oh!
- [Cricket] Put the ears on.
- [both laughing]
- [camera shutters clicking]